hey guys today I have four members of
the frozen movie Elsa Anna Olaf and
spend and these are little plushies so
I'm going to review them and show you
what they do and tell you all about them
so first we're gonna do my favorite Olaf
I want these guys these little guys do
they talk so cute he's like a really
soft soft plushy
he had the bell sticks on his head and
his little carrot nose and his big
popping eyes I mean here's his little
tag here and he has six different
phrases well let me do so those are his
little phrases that he has so now we're
gonna go on to spend
he is so soft he's like what the softest
one that I have out of all them and I
love his little antlers how they're
perfectly cut out into the perfect
little into the way they have just like
a real moose does and he has his little
sayings too he said he is happy to see
all you guys today isn't that sweet
these are really fun to have around you
can just put these onto your bed and
they're so soft and cuddly
especially Olaf because I love him so
now we see the two sisters Elsa and Anna
so here's Anna first and this is the
first doll I've actually seen that
actually has her the colors here that
changes because I haven't seen any other
the other dolls that have the
changing here but this is actually the
first doll that I've seen and her dress
is actually velvet which is so cool it's
the type of solid material I used and
this is her little dress that she had in
the movie and she even has his little
boots and she has things - those are her
things and now we move on to F at the
Queen so I love that she has her big
cape on we just totally awesome and her
beautiful little hair that she has in
her long ponytail she did have in the
movie also and I like that they made her
a little paler than Anna because she is
like the ice queen so she's a little she
is like ice in her blood so she's kind
of colder so I like that they did that
and I loved the color of her dress it's
just so pretty
so here's her things so those are hers
same so those are the phrases that they
actually use in the movie if anyone
hasn't watched the frozen movie you guys
should really watch it and you would
probably can pick up the little
catchphrases they said and the dolls in
the movie so these are really really
recommend these for anybody because
these are so much fun like you can have
Olaf like sing and then you can have
spending so they can have like little
take conversations with each other which
is so much fun I'd say my favorite one
of all these is spend cuz he's the
softest one
and he's like a little animal so I like
to cut her with him and actually like
Olaf a lot too because I find the
Snowman so unique and he's so cute
so make sure your table which Rose your
favorite make sure you like comment
subscribe I'll see you guys next time
bye